Refactor/several improvements (#9)
carlu-m/learning-python: README.md

- [X] Creating the project from scratch (here uv was chosen to handle a lot of things)
- [X] Add a linter
- [X] Add a formatter
- [ ] Configure ruff to implement PEP 8 conventions

> - [ ] Configure ruff to implement the chosen rules

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Configure ruff to implement the chosen rules
- [ ] Configure ruff to implement additionnal chosen rules
```

- [X] Creating the project from scratch (here uv was chosen to handle a lot of things)
- [X] Add a linter
- [X] Add a formatter
- [X] Configure ruff to implement PEP 8 conventions

> - [X] Configure ruff to implement the chosen rules

Author: ```suggestion
- [X] Configure ruff to implement additionally chosen rules
```

- [X] Add a pre-commit linting & formatting hook

> - [ ] Doc test to run your code against your doc and check if the doc is up to date

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Doctest to run your code against your documentation
```
